The LcmsNet, SDK, DemoFiles, and Documentation Directories contains all of the 
"public" parts of LcmsNet. This includes the main program, lcmsnetSDK, 
FluidicsSDK, SQLiteTools and public documentation.

The Plugins Directory contains the solution and projects for all of our 
lcmsnet device plugins and documentation.
These plugins must be copied over into the /bin/x86/debug directory of the 
main program manually in order to be tested or used in testing the main 
program. However, the library(.dll) files generated by the solution are 
located in the pluginDLLs directory IF AND ONLY IF the projects are built in 
PNNLRelease configuration. The Installer script automatically copies the 
library files into the installer program. 

The Installer Directory contains the InnoSetup installer creation script and 
the PNNL default configuration file. Innosetup must be installed to make use 
of the installer creation script. It will need to be modified if the directory 
structure of the repo changes.

The PluginHardwareDocs Directory contains vendor documentation for the 
hardware operated by the plugins so far. Some hardware does not have 
documentation or documentation could not be found at time of this README being 
written.

The pluginDLLs Directory contains the actual library files generated by the 
plugin projects in lcmsnetPlugins.These plugins must be copied over into the 
/bin/x86/debug directory of the main program manually in order to be tested or 
used in testing the main program, but are automatically copied into the 
installer by the installer script,to ensure end-users get the most up-to-date 
plugins. Additionally, this directory contains a .gitignore file that 
guarantees that while the directory exists within the repo, none of the files 
are tracked.

ExternalApplications contains various old projects related to lcmsnet that may 
no longer be of use. One project that is of use is the LogViewer application, 
it allows viewing and filtering of an SQLite database log file, so users may 
easily find devices causing errors or problems in methods, or other issues 
with LcmsNet
